Hi there. Previously, we
discussed the basics of Python.
Now we'll practice
writing and running code.
When we work in Python,
we refer to what we write
as a "script" or a "program."
There are subtle differences
between the two.
Let's compare a computer program
to a theater performance.
Almost every theater performance
includes a written script.
Actors study and memorize
a script to say it out
loud to an audience.
However, that's not
the only component.
There's also the
whole performance.
Directors make decisions
on what lighting to
use, or costumes, or what
the stage looks like.
The performance as a whole
involves a lot of
design choices,
like set design,
lighting, and costumes.
The process of creating
this production is
similar to the process of
programming in Python.
Programming involves a
lot of design decisions.
But the process of scripting
in Python is more like
writing the specific words
that the actors will say.
In Python, it's good practice
to start with a comment.
A comment is a note programmers
make about the intention
behind their code.
Let's add one now.
We start with the hash symbol
to indicate that this is
a comment. And then we'll add
details about our intention.
Here we're going to print
"Hello Python" to the screen.
Okay, now let's write our first
line of Python code.
This code uses print.
Print outputs a specified
object to the screen.
After print, we put what
we want to output
in parentheses.
In this case, we want to output
the string "Hello Python!"
We must place string
data in quotation marks.
These quotation marks are
just one example of
syntax that you will
encounter in Python.
Syntax refers to the
rules that determine
what is correctly structured
in a computing language.
And now, we'll run this code
so the computer can
output the string.
You just ran your
first line of code.
Since our syntax is correct,
the string is now displayed.
Now that you've experience
writing and running
code in Python,
we're ready to discuss
its basic components.
Meet you soon.